you are the cream of the college crop
this little summer league is one step
away from getting paid to play a
baseball you're as good as any of those
guys out there what are you doing for
these ballplayers take your time around
a corner getting to the majors it's my
house mom you see marriage takes courage
she's over 40 she's old enough to be my
mom I'm real good with ballplayers it
takes commitment I like a big girl a
large voluptuous full-figured mess
anybody got a problem with that okay
and sometimes
the best catch in town is right in front
of you so you mow a lawn I mean if you
see a good friend of mine this is Rian
doon dun dun I saw you at the game those
outfits are cute nice come they're nice
they're cool it's cool okay I'm gonna
shut up now this summer Warner Brothers
presents ready Prince jr.
Jessica Biel and Matthew Lillard any
more garbage from you guys and you're
warming the sticky vinyl of fussy back
to mommy
not more nuts huh come on kid get up I
got it
you've been giving this kit you get the
start tomorrow what's up it's a biggest
game of my life why are you so scared
you want big rewards you gotta take big
risks
you are
summer catch that this is a Billy
Brubaker or catcher nice thumb thanks